Hopefully, you solved the problem yourself.
If not, let's walk through the problem together.
So for this coding exercise,
we want to calculate the formula in the string,
where we need to pass the number here from a string,
we need to pass the operator here from a string.
What we can do is,
we can use a stack to store the result,
we can graded already,
and just preparing for our next number.
So what do we do is we first do a check to making sure
that the string is not long and the string is not empty,
and we are initiating a stack with a integer.
So initially, they have a number as zero,
we defy our sign vicious operator is either positive or negative.
Then we are looping through this string with the characters we have.
If the character is a number,
we're adding that to the number we have.
If the character is not a digit,
which means that it's the operator.
So we check if the operator is minus,
we push the result to our stack.
If the operator is a plus,
we pushed that to our stack.
If this operator is a multiple, is a times,
we need to pop the first number on the result from
the stack and multiply the number we have.
Then we store our operator and just reset the number.
At the end of this,
we're checking how many numbers are there in the stack,
and we just adding them one by one.
So we have two test cases for this,
thus take a look.
So if you have a string which is 1 plus 2,
so results should be 3.
If you have a string which is 1 plus 2 times 5,
it's results should be 11.
Let's run this. So as you can see,
all just two test cases passed,
and which means we solve the problem.
Hopefully, you get the right answer yourself.